[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-applying-resource-requests-and-limits.adoc

[id="compliance-applying-resource-requests-and-limits_{context}"]

> = Applying resource requests and limits
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> When the kubelet starts a container as part of a Pod, the kubelet passes that container's requests and limits for memory and CPU to the container runtime. In Linux, the container runtime configures the kernel cgroups that apply and enforce the limits you defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can configure a container’s requests and limits for memory and CPU to define defines how much CPU time and memory that the container can use. 

When the kubelet starts a container as part of a Pod, the kubelet passes that container's requests and limits for memory and CPU to the container runtime. In Linux, the container runtime configures the kernel cgroups that apply and enforce the limits you defined.
```

[id="compliance-applying-resource-requests-and-limits_{context}"]
= Applying resource requests and limits

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure a container’s requests and limits for memory and CPU to define defines how much CPU time and memory that the container can use.

Reviewer: My mistake

```suggestion
You can configure a container’s requests and limits for memory and CPU to define how much CPU time and memory that the container can use.
```
